Equitable use
We provide the same means of use for all users as we did not differentiate between users based on their activity, background.
We protect the privacy and security for the data (password, username, friendlist, grouplist) for all users.
Future implementation: we can develop different motifs for user interface to make it appealing to all users. 

Flexibility in use
We accommodated individual preferences and abilities.
Accommodate right- and left- handed access and use because we accept the input from keyboard
We provided adaptability to the user's pace because our command does not execute until the user tells it to do so.
We provided different choices for passwords as we accepted numbers, letters, special characters or any combinations.

SImple and Intuitive Use
What adheres to the principle
Our design provide effective prompting such as “log in”, “create an account”
Our design accommodates a wide range of literacy because most of the prompts are easy to understand
Possible implementation
We can arrange information consistent with its importance, for example listing “log in” and “create an account” at the beginning of the user interface.
We can also eliminate unnecessary complexity by reorganizing our main prompts which now contain all the features by dividing it into separate interfaces. 

Perceptible information
Our app uses simple languages and commands that are clear and succinct to the users. We have not used any complicated designs in our command line interface.
However, we could improve our app in the future(if possible) by having different modes to present essential information. For example, having pictorial or verbal presentation of information. Separating the most important messages from other information. 

Tolerance for Error
Our program provide fail safe features and provide warnings
Add friend: prevent the user from adding themselves or adding an existing friend, also provide error message
Chat or group chat: prevent the user from chatting if the user is not in the group yet, also provide error message
Minimize errors: the program save all the user information even if the user accidentally stop the program
Future implementation: discourage unconscious actions by preventing the user to use the app when the user is driving or walking

Low physical effort
Our app uses the simplest UI and commands meaning that users will not need to have specialized technology or be in a specific location or position. 
Future implementation: minimize the repetitive prompts that ask the user to stay or exit to reduce user’s physical effort

Size and Space for Approach and Use
Our app does not adhere to this principle as it does not provide a clear line of sight for any seated or standing user
Possible implementation
Implement a feature where the user can zoom in or zoom out the interface whenever needed
Implement a feature that changes the composition or organization of the components in the user interface to accommodate different hand sizes.
 
Our main targeted customers will be students who need simple and instant chatting apps that give little to no distractions. Many communication apps like Wechat, Instagram, and Facebook have implemented too many features and as students we might get distracted by these fancy designs. Therefore, our app provides the most basic chatting function with a simple post sharing feature that reduces as many distractions as possible. It is a great app for students with procrastination issues or difficulties focusing on school work. 

Our application is in English only, thus people who do not speak English are unlikely to choose AliChat. However, I think this app is great for people who want to learn and practice English because it has the simplest features and design. It is great for beginner learners.

